Lvl 1:


Homeless man:
Spare some change mister?
Please sir, I am awfully hungry.
Why won’t you look at me?!?
Oh, I get it. No, it’s fine. I guess people like me are invisible to people like you. 
Just because I’m homeless doesn’t mean I’m not a human being!!!


Waitress:
Would you like a refill?
Perhaps a sandwich?
A delicious pastry?

Charity:
Excuse me, do you have a second to spare?
Did you know that there are bad things in the world?
Furthermore, they are all caused by bad people!
If you would just make a small contribution to my totally awesome and benevolent organisation, we can save the world from all those bad things and people :D <3  ;D
...no?
You don’t care?
Ok. I guess…

Two ppl talking:
Look what's happening with the world.
We can’t keep taking things for granted anymore. 
The world isn’t going to fix itself
If everybody is just concerned with their own goals and agendas nothing will ever change

Brother:




Lvl 2


Homeless: 
Hey man I could really use some change now. 
I haven’t eaten for days. 
They don’t allow me to sleep outside at night, I have to walk around all night.
Please, if you just help me…
Don't ignore me. Please.

Waitress:
Piece of pie?
Some ketchup?
A toothpick?


Charity - now activist
Hey remember me?
Yeah we don’t need money anymore.
Now we need action!
We need every person possible to fight this fascist regime.

Two ppl talk:
Mattias! The time of waiting is over! The time for revolution is here!
Not so fast Alrik! Our numbers are many but we need one more person to overthrow this unlawful totalitarian regime!
Hm. Youre right Mattias. I wonder if that person could be in this café…
Hey…! Wait! Wha- Unhand me!
-- alternative
Our organization is up to a hundred members now.
We've been protesting every day this week. 
With more people I really think we'll do some permanent damage
To this fascist regime

Police:
You are under arrest for conspiring against our government leader.
You have the right to remain silent etc.
Person 1 - No, stop! Please, help!

